Commuan Original
Together with
Attitude Clinic
Subway Chiang Mai
Present
Self เราเห็นนาย ( I see you)
Sponsored by Attitude Clinic
Do you want me dead?
I've to do this because of you..
The beginning of disappeared reflection
Hello everyone, my name is Tang
My dream to be solo artist will come true soon
being able to audition with music record is really what i have been waiting for
I'll never let anything stand in my way.
Okay guys, we shall start if you're ready.
When our heart's asking
when will the love come..?
I can't find out why
like our hearts want it to be
So i try searching for something I'm not sure of
to understand
Wow!! you're both pretty good.
Umm.. but what's wrong with you today Tang?
Why didn't you send the audition video in duet version?
Why the solo one?
This dude can only do the basics.
Basics??
I think May are almost like a pro right now
Thank you
But just a little comment for you, Tang
I want you to make more "eye contact"
or you can practice it in front of the mirror
If you stay this way, I think it's not attractive though
Or the easiest way..
just let May train you how to entertain
Uhh, but Tang's usually very good at this
Oh.. yes I think he a little tired today
Is that so..
Or.. you have an insomnia?
I think you look a bit run-down today
Okay okay, whatever
On the audition tomorrow, just do it like today
I will sent you the link
and there will be chief producer joining online too
So.. Tang and May, please be well-prepared okay?
Ok.. ok
And don't forget.
Practice in front of the mirror more..
Also try to entertain the producer too okay?
Okay? See you bye.
See! and you plan to let me play the cord
But got asked to be the duo
I think I have a chance to be an pop-star.
but normally, did the artist like have to practice in front of the mirror?
I just know that
Oh! Baimon.. Jack.. you guys come to rehearse?
Yes, and hey.. isn't that P'Nep from Sky Records?
I heard both of you play and it was fantastic
It's like listen to the voice of god
Can we do back-up for your band then?
Woah.. so you guys would be my back-up?
please don't be bothered.
No! there's no problem, we are more than ready to play for you!
I mean don't bother me, iterally.
It's quite disgusting for my audiences to see you both
Go make yourself look better
Tang.... / Tang what the fuck?
Why?
you want me to look at other's face right? here it's not that hard.
my friend are just foul-mouthed, don't mind him
Just keep fighting okay?
I know you guys are so good!
I can't wait to see you guys on the stage
Er.. Tang.. I think what P'Nep said is quite right.
when you perform, you seem..
too focus on yourself, but not the audience
Why don't you try practicing in front of the mirror like P'Nep said?
Why are you guys so serious??
It's gonna be an online audition..
I just have to look into the camera, not the judges
That's it.
Just ask you to practice in the mirror..
Instead, you gonna be a couch potato now?
What the heck is wrong with you guys?
why? so you got some compliment then you gonna brag it on me?
What the..
Hey.. Tang where are you going?
Duh.. why so serious? I'm just playing around
that's too much! / but i'm just joking
How did the facial and acne treatment go?
Actually, your face looks really brighter.
So much better than the last time
But I think get a less sleep lately
Someone said that me face look a bit run down
..so I'm not very confident about it
Okay I got you, let's go up stairs to do the acne treatment
Also the bio-light acne clean okay?
Just practice it in front of the mirror please Tang?
I didn't do it
I didn't kill P'Fei
Tang : Do you see me reflection?
May : Wanna show us that you're practicing?
May : Lol wanna show us that you're practicing?
Nam-mei : That's my boy!
Hey guys look!
What????
I really can't see myself
Hmm?
I see you, normally
No! hey look
Oh!
There's nothing but your face, normally
Right?
What's wrong with you man
Wait..
Your hair..
What've you done to your hair? / Haha
Really mess up, come sit here I'll brush for you
Are you run to here?
Nah, I don't think it's running.
He must be gone to the wild? or the war?
Hey dude, I'm serious I can't see my reflection
I think it's clear now / What?
This dude has a artist phobia
So he's going to be the artist right? Then, he has to have a weird phobia for gimmick
I get it!
I've seen some celebrity afraid of orange.. tomato.. sth like that.
But you're so chic!
I'm in serious
Ok i believe you now.
But don't you want to say that even if you can't see yourself you still think you look handsome?
No, it's not what you think
Done!
Well..
Will May help Tang out in the evening as usual?
Ok..the song will remain the same then? / Ok
Please go hard on your rehearsal
Be ready
Damn, don't you look at yourself in the mirror?
Are you ready..the link is here!
Did she sent the link?
Do your best!
Hi everyone from SKY record, I'm Tang and I'm 17 yo
I'm from Saint August in Chiang mai
..and this is my friend, May
he will play the second guitar
Hi, I am P'Job. If you guys ready then we can start now
Maybe it's just the wind slowly blowing through
It might be the floating cloud in the sky
but how would it be to wait for love to come
Like a lost person among the crowd
It may just come and be gone in just a second we walk pass
Someone who I look into the eye
Today might be exciting for you
I might need to leave now. Thanks so much for being with us today.
What happen today?
I think your performance drops off a bit
I'm really sorry
Umm.. I think it's because of the online audition..
It was May who changed the beat and didn't tell me
I told you he can only do the basics
What the fuck Tang?
Is that so?
It's gonna be ashamed if that's so..
Okay okay
Thanks both of you for today
Until we meet again
But I haven't show you another song yet
Umm you can upload the video on youtube, and send me the link then
Ok
Thank you
See you then
See ya
Tang give me some explantations now!!
What the fuck is wrong with you
You said I changed the beat, but actually you just interrupt me
I just answer it randomly.
Don't be so silly
Randomly? Random my ass!
WTF? This is since you told them about the composer of the song
I let you take all the credit to yourself
Only chord without lyrics.. do you want to play Classic?
Did you think before you say that?
Hey!! Calm down, let's not have a fight!
Nam-mei!! I already told you right? He's a jerk and can not change!
That's why you don't have any friends left
You are such a foul-mouthed
Hey!! calm down and listen to me
So the first song, you wrote the cords, and you wrote the lyrics right?
This song's credit is for you both.
Then.. why do you guys have to fight?
you guys said you would help me out on the audition
Why did you ruin "my" show
Huh!! "your" stupid show I don't want any of it
I helped you a lot and you aren't even grateful!
It's because I couldn't see my reflect!
Please calm down!! /  you are still as disgusting as you used to be
Tang!!!!!
Whatever! I'm done with you!
Tang.. please go talk to May..
I just need it for my protection..
I want the magazine gun just like the pic I sent.
in two days?
As the location I sent you
W.P.?
I'll fucking kill you all..
Who the hell are you?
Is it because of you? that i can't see myself in the mirror
Ha.. Ha..
I'll fucking kill you ..
Die
Die!!
Die!!!
Neo doesn't have a pair so you should pair up with him
Nah, I don't want to walk out losing one of my hand
Do you know Neo?
He seems to be very problematic
Hey you should watch your mouth
So this evening you gonna give May an apologize
How is that relate to you helping me find that guy?
If he didn't even care about you why would you care?
I said I didn't do it
Do you want to die so badly huh?
Don't!!!
You're dead now!!